Hi within this lecture we're going to do the rest of the improvements that we have talked about like
hiding the save button from the selected details view controller.
OK.
And maybe disabling the save button until a user chooses an image inside of our ad screen.
Okay.
And also I'm just going to show you how to get some exemplary images in your app.
So let me open the assistant editor because I'm just going to have to define the save button as an outlet.
Yes because we only have the same button as an action but we have to reach its attributes at this point.
So I'm just going to come over here and save save button and make sure that outlet is chosen rather
than action and click on ads and close this.
And now we're done.
So if you go to details we have controller we can reach say buy them for a main function and we can
make it hidden or we can make it disabled.
For example if chosen painting is not empty string so it means that we're just going to get some values
from the core data.
And in here we don't even need save button.
So if you say saved by them is enabled.
OK this one is enabled.
If you make this false it means that the bottom will be shown but it won't be clickable.
So let me show you what I mean.
Let me run this.
OK.
And in the details we you controller when we click on one off the table view items as you can see it
doesn't show right now.
We chose actually but we cannot click on it.
So this should be good.
But maybe we can do is hit them false as well so it won't even show it is hidden true I mean it won't
even show disable by it will just make it invisible.
So if you go over here you will say see that this is now invisible and in the plus puddling the ads
button clicked.
We can use the is enabled false thing in here unless a user choses an image right.
So let's go down.
So if chosen painting is not an empty string we're doing this.
And if it's actually an empty string in the else block we can come over here and just say Say button
that is hidden is going to be false because I want it to be visible but I want it to be disabled.
So I'm going to say is enabled false and violence.
A user chooses an image in the deed finish picking media with info function.
I'm going to do say button that is enabled true.
So let's say that say button that is enabled is true.
So that this will be only clickable once a user chooses an image.
OK so this vote will be much more efficient than what we have been doing.
As you can see we cannot click on this.
So let's come over here and choose a painting from this.
And as you can see now I can't I can't click on the same button and we're done with the app.
So let me show you how you can find some images from online that you can use as a test purpose in your
app.
So try to just take this up a little bit as in a real iPhone as you can see you can close the app any
time you want and you can use this as a real phone.
So let me go to safari.
OK.
Let me go to Google dot com.
Are we going to just google some arts.
So I believe we can start that Mona Lisa for example and see the most basic one.
So our user is going to be visiting loved museum.
And suppose that he or she sees this Mona Lisa.
If you hold onto that you can add two photos.
So you have to log press on the Mona Lisa or any image.
OK.
In order to save it to photos suppose that our user has just taken the picture of Mona Lisa and then
later on she will just add it to our app.
So let's go for Scream by Edward Munch.
Okay so let's click on this and say add photos and let's go for one or two more paintings.
Maybe we can go for starry nights.
OK so this is why one go so find one and click on that and it doesn't work.
I believe this is too big so it's not even an image I believe we we're inside of a website.
So let me go to images.
OK yeah.
This one images and find their regular image from here and click on that long press and say at photos
maybe we can get some more like last supper.
OK.
So let's go for a last supper.
By DaVinci I believe.
Yeah.
So last supper.
And just find the one that is good looking good looking for Yeah.
And added to your photos.
Once you do that you go good to go.
You can just close is down.
OK.
You can just closes down as well.
And you can find your own app from this menu and just open it and you can just select the images in
your photo album like this.
And here you go.
You can edit the image but since we have chosen the original image in the did finish speaking media
it won't even going to matter.
So Mona Lisa the artist let's say that when she and let's say 1850 and I don't know the years of these
paintings I'm just making this up so maybe you're better art lower than me so you can find the details
and add for real.
So there's a scream.
OK Edward Munch and the year will be something like nineteen hundred eighteen hundred.
OK and here you go.
Let me do one more example.
Let's go for our last supper this time.
OK.
And this will be last supper.
And the artist will be Da Vinci and the year will be eighteen hundred.
And here you go.
Now delete all of this.
And here we have our art book.
So let's stop it and play it from the beginning.
As you can see we have the related data in our record data and everything seems to be working fine.
So I believe we have learned a lot in this section.
So you have learned how to work with local databases how to do some improvements on your own app have
to use notification center how to use gesture recognized or to go and select pictures from the user's
library and everything.
So I hope you enjoyed this section.
So let's stop here and go into the next section where we're going to talk about maps.